They'll come back in this week you will see a demonstration of what I've learnt in this section.
Let's start by opening up our show and then our end result there a timing and research.
Let's go to the command prompt instead.
Our server directory is one word I guess must mean you must have this or put up a browser go to localhost.
Here you can see that we have our name here and we are signed in a school profile page.
Here we can see a profile name.
Umich Let's go into the account settings.
From here we can change our name
here.
You can see the name has been successfully changed go to the server.
And here you can see that our name has been successfully posted.
Let's go to the address page.
Change the IP address.
Here we can see that our address has been successfully retrieved.
Here we can change our address
here.
It just has to be successfully edited.
Let's go to our.
And here you can see that our address has been successfully posted.
In this video we've seen a demonstration of what we've learned in this section in the next section.
We're setting our post-production and my products API on to.